changed hrefs to markdown for FEniCS 2017 index.md (#17)
FEniCS/web: fenics17/index.md

- Google Summer of Code students: Ivan Yaschuk and Michal Habera.

## Updates
- **29 May 2017**: Our travel award winners are supported by a [NumFOCUS](https://numfocus.org/?target=_blank) small grant award. Thanks NumFOCUS!<br>
- **16 May 2017**: The programme is [now available online](http://easychair.org/smart-program/FEniCS'17/?target=_blank).<br>
- **10 May 2017**: Registration is now closed.<br>
- **4 May 2017**: Speakers should prepare talks that last around 12 minutes.<br>
- **3 May 2017**: Registration and payment deadline extended until **9 May 2017**.<br>
- **27 April 2017**: Travel award decisions sent.<br>
- **26 April 2017**: Abstract and travel award submission are now closed.<br>
- **13 April 2017**: Deadline for abstract and travel award submission and has been extended until **24th April 2017**.<br>

> - **29 March 2017**: We have funds available for travel awards to the conference. Please see [Travel awards]("#travelawards")for more details.<br>

Reviewer: I've removed the travelawards id so this link will no longer work. Could we just remove the link here?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **29 March 2017**: We have funds available for travel awards to the conference. Please see the travel awards section below for more details.
```

Applications for travel awards are to be sent to [fenics-steering-council@googlegroups.com](mailto:fenics-steering-council@googlegroups.com). Please send: a short CV as a PDF attachment, and an itemised estimate of costs to attend the conference. We require a half page description of the specific activities that you will contribute to the FEniCS Project. We interpret contributions very broadly; activities could include [answering Q&amp;A threads](https://fenicsproject/qa), squashing a few bugs on the [bugtracker](https://bitbucket.org/fenics-project/dolfin/issues?status=new&amp;status=open), implementing a small new feature, or enhancing [documentation](https://fenics.readthedocs.org) and the documented [FEniCS demos](https://fenics.readthedocs.io/projects/dolfin/en/latest/demos.html). Other ideas are most welcome. Please be ambitious but also realistic with your ideas!

## Abstract submission (closed)

> Talk and poster abstract submission opened on 11 January 2017 and closed on 24 April 2017 via <a href="https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=fenics17">Easychair</a>. Each participant can submit one talk and/or one poster abstract for review. A PDF version of the abstract must be submitted using the instructions provided on Easychair.

Reviewer: One more link here:

```suggestion
Talk and poster abstract submission opened on 11 January 2017 and closed on 24 April 2017 via [EasyChair](https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=fenics17). Each participant can submit one talk and/or one poster abstract for review. A PDF version of the abstract must be submitted using the instructions provided on Easychair.
```
